[Uragiri no Yuyake
by Theater Brook]
>> ♪ [singing in Japanese] ♪
♪ ♪
>> WOW. IT’S COOLER THAN
KAMISAKURA MACHI-GINZA!
>> I MEAN, I’M NO EXPERT OR
ANYTHING, BUT I WOULDN’T REALLY
CONSIDER THIS PLACE SAFE.
THERE’S WORSE THINGS HERE
THAN GANGS, YOU KNOW.
BE CAREFUL.
>> SO GUESS WHAT I SAW TODAY.
THE BLACK BIKE.
>> IT’S BEEN A WHILE SINCE WE
GOT ONE.
TEEN CHICKS ROCK.
>> THANK GOD FOR THAT INFO
BROKER.
>> [thinking] AND RIGHT THEN,
I NOTICED MY WHOLE BODY WAS
SHAKING.
>> ♪ [singing in Japanese] ♪
♪ ♪
>> IS THE REALITY YOU SEE THE
ONLY ONE, OR COULD THERE BE
OTHERS?
CAN YOU TELL, WHEN EVERYTHING
LOOKS THE SAME AS ALWAYS?
>> FIRST, I’D LIKE TO
CONGRATULATE EVERYONE--
WELCOME YOU TO OUR SCHOOL.
THESE ARE CHALLENGING TIMES FOR
JAPAN.
WE’RE SEEING THE BIRTH RATE
DECLINE, AND OUR MIDDLE CLASS
IS DISAPPEARING.
BUT WHEN I LOOK OUT AT YOUR
FACES, I KNOW THE FUTURE OF OUR
COUNTRY IS NOT IN ANY DANGER.
IN FACT, I SEE IN EVERY STUDENT
HERE A BRIGHTER FUTURE FOR US
ALL.
AND THAT ENCOURAGES ME.
TODAY IS A SPECIAL DAY FOR YOU,
AND AS I STAND UP HERE AND LOOK
OUT, I REALIZE...
>> LOOK AROUND. WHAT DO YOU SEE?
YOU FIND YOURSELF THINKING,
"I’VE SEEN THIS BEFORE.
TODAY’S JUST LIKE ANY OTHER."
>> MIKADO RYUGAMINE.
>> THERE’S A SHY BOY WHO JUST
ARRIVED IN TOKYO...
>> ANRI SONOHARA.
IT’S NICE TO MEET YOU.
>> A GIRL WHO SEEMS A LITTLE ODD
AND OUT OF PLACE...
>> I’M MASAOMI KIDA.
I BET YOU GUYS THINK I’M ALL
MATURE AND EVERYTHING, BUT I’M
REALLY AN INNOCENT LITTLE
15-YEAR-OLD, JUST LIKE THE REST
OF YOU.
I ROCK.
[laughs]
>> A BOY WHO’S HAVING WAY TOO
MUCH FUN...
>> RIO KAMICHIKA.
IT’S NICE TO MEET EVERYONE.
>> AND A GIRL WHO’S JUST A BIT
MYSTERIOUS.
YOU’VE PROBABLY COME ACROSS
PEOPLE LIKE THIS YOURSELF.
>> UH...HARIMA.
IS MIKA HARIMA HERE TODAY?
>> OH...UH...
>> OKAY, ABSENT.
>> THESE ARE ALL THINGS YOU’VE
EXPERIENCED BEFORE.
>> OH, I SEE WE HAVE OUR FIRST
TARDY.
WE WERE JUST DOING
INTRODUCTIONS.
ENLIGHTEN US WITH YOUR NAME.
>> SEIJI YAGIRI.
IT’S NICE TO MEET ALL OF YOU.
>> SOMETIMES, THOUGH, WHEN YOU
LEAST EXPECT IT, YOU’LL GET A
TINY GLIMPSE OF ANOTHER REALITY
SEEPING INTO YOURS.
>> THANK YOU, SEIJI.
PLEASE TAKE YOUR SEAT, AND WE’LL
MOVE ON.
>> NO, SIR.
>> HUH?
>> LISTEN, I JUST WANT TO SAY I
WON’T BE AT SCHOOL FOR A WHILE.
WELL, ACTUALLY, I’LL NEVER BE
BACK.
>> HUH?
>> I JUST CAME TO LET YOU KNOW.
GOOD-BYE, SIR.
>> HOLD ON A SECOND, SEIJI.
YOU CAN’T MEAN IT.
>> I’M NOT JOKING, SIR.
I HAVE MY REASONS.
THIS IS SOMETHING VERY IMPORTANT
TO ME.
I GOTTA GO.
I CAN’T WASTE ANY MORE TIME WITH
YOU PEOPLE.
GOOD-BYE, SIR.
>> UH, SEIJI, WAIT, PLEASE.
JUST HOLD ON A SECOND.
>> A CRACK APPEARS IN YOUR
PEACEFUL LIFE.
IT THROWS YOU OFF GUARD.
MAKES YOU RETHINK THINGS.
THERE’S A GIRL SITTING IN THIS
CLASSROOM WHO CAUGHT A GLIMPSE
OF JUST SUCH A THING.
SHE EXPERIENCED IT TWO DAYS AGO,
WHEN SHE SHOULD HAVE DIED.
SHE WAS BORN IN A NORMAL HOME,
THE KIND YOU CAN FIND ANYWHERE.
IT WAS A TYPICAL LIFE, WITH NO
REAL BUMPS OR BRUISES.
IT ARRIVED IN HER MAILBOX AROUND
THE TIME SHE STARTED JUNIOR
HIGH.
IT CAME WITHOUT WARNING OR
PROVOCATION.
>> WHAT WAS IN THE ENVELOPE?
>> PHOTOS.
I THINK MY DAD’S HAVING AN
AFFAIR.
THE PICTURE SHOWED HIM WITH
ANOTHER WOMAN.
AND THERE WAS A LETTER THAT
SAID, "ARE YOU GOING TO LET HIM
GET AWAY WITH THIS?"
I THINK THEY WERE SENT BY
SOMEONE WHO KNEW THE WOMAN IN
THE PHOTOS.
>> YOUR DAD’S A JERK, BUT THE
GUY SENDING THE PHOTOS IS EVEN
WORSE.
>> I WAS SO SHOCKED.
I DIDN’T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
I FIGURED THE BEST THING WOULD
BE JUST TO HIDE THEM, SO I DID.
BUT EVER SINCE THEN, ALL THE
NORMAL STUFF WE DO AS A FAMILY
STARTED TO FEEL KIND OF FAKE AND
WEIRD TO ME.
>> MUST HAVE BEEN HARD.
>> ARE YOU OKAY OVER THERE, RIO?
>> I COULD ONLY TAKE IT FOR SIX
MONTHS.
I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE BETTER FOR
EVERYONE IF MY MOM FOUND OUT.
>> IF IT’S TOO HARD TO TALK
ABOUT, YOU DON’T HAVE TO.
I’VE GOT A LOT OF THINGS I DON’T
LIKE TALKING ABOUT.
>> NO, NO, NO.
I WANT TO TELL YOU.
>> HOW COULD YOU MISTAKE A CELL
PHONE FOR A REMOTE CONTROL?
>> NOTHING REALLY CHANGED,
THOUGH.
I DON’T KNOW IF MOM WAS JUST
IGNORING THE WHOLE THING, OR IF
SOMEHOW OR ANOTHER THEY’D WORKED
IT OUT WHEN I WASN’T AROUND.
>> HASN’T THAT EVER HAPPENED TO
YOU?
>> EVERYTHING STAYED THE SAME.
MY DAD KEPT TELLING THE SAME
DUMB JOKES, AND MOM KEPT MAKING
HER STEW TOO SWEET.
SO I FIGURED MAYBE IT WOULD BE
BETTER IF I JUST DISAPPEARED.
I GUESS THAT’S ALL I’VE BEEN
THINKING ABOUT LATELY.
>> THAT’S A LOT LIKE HOW I FEEL,
MISS MAZENDA.
MY PROBLEMS AREN’T AS BAD AS
YOURS, BUT STILL.
>> TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED.
>> I WAS DATING THIS GIRL AND,
WELL, SHE HOOKED UP WITH MY DAD.
>> THAT’S AWFUL.
>> YEAH, BUT MY MOM WAS THE ONE
I WAS ANGRY WITH.
>> WHAT DID SHE SAY?
>> SHE SAID STUFF LIKE THAT
HAPPENS, AND IT WAS MORE
IMPORTANT THAT THE NEIGHBORS
DIDN’T FIND OUT.
SHE DIDN’T SAY ANYTHING ABOUT
HOW SHE FELT.
SO I THOUGHT MAYBE SHE THINKS
THE FAMILY’S REPUTATION IS MORE
IMPORTANT THAN ME.
OR, I DON’T KNOW, MAYBE SHE WAS
THINKING ABOUT MY FUTURE AND
STUFF.
>> I DOUBT IT.
>> MAYBE YOU’RE RIGHT.
>> I AM.
SHE DOESN’T CARE ABOUT YOU OR
HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT WHAT’S GOING
ON.
THE ONLY THING SHE CARES ABOUT
IS--
[knock on door]
>> HONEY, DINNER’S READY.
>> YES, MOM.
>> MISS MAZENDA, WOULD YOU LIKE
TO DISAPPEAR WITH ME?
MAYBE IF WE DIE TOGETHER,
THEY’LL UNDERSTAND HOW WE FEEL
ABOUT THE WAY THEY’RE TREATING
US.
MAYBE THEN THEY’LL REALIZE WHAT
THEY SHOULD HAVE CARED ABOUT.
>> IT SEEMS STUPID TO HER NOW,
BUT WHEN SHE LEFT HOME THAT DAY,
SHE WAS READY TO GO THROUGH WITH
IT.
NAKURA’S WORDS GAVE HER THE
CONFIDENCE SHE NEEDED.
KNOWING THAT HE SHARED HER PAIN,
SHE FELT COMPELLED TO SEE HIM.
AT THIS POINT, EVEN IF HE WAS
LYING, SHE HAD NOTHING TO LOSE.
OR SO SHE THOUGHT.
>> YES?
>> MISS MAZENDA?
>> YES, I AM.
ARE YOU MR. NAKURA?
>> WONDERFUL!
>> THE SECOND SHE SAW HIS FACE,
SHE BEGAN TO WONDER IF THAT
REALLY WAS NAKURA.
BUT SHE WASN’T ABOUT TO TURN
BACK NOW...
>> LET’S GET GOING, SHALL WE?
>> SO SHE IGNORED HER
SUSPICIONS AND WENT WITH HIM
ANYWAY.
>> [chuckles]
>> AND EVEN WHILE THIS WAS
HAPPENING...
>> HELLO.
>> WE GOOD TO GO?
>> THE COAST COULDN’T BE
CLEARER.
>> SORRY TO TRICK YOU LIKE THIS,
DOLL FACE...
>> SHOCK, DEFIANCE, AND REGRET.
A MIX OF EMOTIONS OVERWHELMED
HER.
BUT JUST BEFORE SHE PASSED OUT,
SHE THOUGHT TO HERSELF,
"THIS IS MY FATE."
SHE DIDN’T CARE WHAT HAPPENED TO
HER ANYMORE.
THIS WAS THE END.
SHE WOULD DISAPPEAR WITHOUT
ANYONE KNOWING WHAT TRULY
HAPPENED TO HER, AS IF SHE WAS
NEVER HERE TO BEGIN WITH.
HOWEVER...
>> HEH, THE COAST ISN’T EXACTLY
CLEAR.
>> AS SHE LAY THERE UNCONSCIOUS,
THE WORLD OUTSIDE KEPT MOVING...
>> WELL, IT DOESN’T SOUND LIKE
IT’S GOING TO BE A TOUGH JOB,
BUT BE CAREFUL, OKAY?
>> WITHOUT ANY CONCERN FOR THE
FATE THAT AWAITED HER.
>> I CAN’T DO IT.
THERE’S NO WAY I CAN GET THAT
KIND OF CASH TOGETHER.
I SWEAR TO GOD I’M GONNA PAY
YOU.
BUT IF ANYTHING HAPPENS TO ME,
SHIKI FROM THE AWAKUSU ISN’T
GONNA BE TOO HAPPY ABOUT IT.
AND IF THAT HAPPENS--
>> GRAMPS, I DON’T HAVE TIME FOR
THIS.
AND IT’S NOT ’CAUSE I’M BUSY.
BUT I’LL BE DAMNED IF I’M GONNA
SPEND MORE THAN A COUPLE OF
MINUTES ON A DOUCHE BAG LIKE
YOU!
[door slams]
>> REALLY AVOID PISSING OFF--
[loud bang]
>> [whimpering]
[gasps]
[cell phone rings]
>> HEY, I DON’T THINK I NEED TO
REMIND A TALENTED TRANSPORTER
SUCH AS YOURSELF HOW TO DO THEIR
JOB.
JUST DO WHAT YOU’RE TOLD AND
NOTHING MORE.
THROW A SCARE INTO THEM.
KICK ’EM AROUND A BIT, AND
THAT’S ALL.
OKAY? HAVE FUN.
>> THE WORLD KEPT MOVING,
CHANGING DIRECTION--
HEADING AWAY FROM THE FATE THE
GIRL THOUGHT WAS HERS.
>> YO.
>> both: HMM?
[clang]
[electric zap]
>> UH!
UHH--
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU?
>> UH...
MM-HMM.
>> SHE LOOKED, AND ON THE SCREEN
IT READ, "I’VE BEEN ASKED TO
TAKE YOU TO A CERTAIN PLACE."
THE BIKE MOVED SILENTLY, BUT
ONCE IN A WHILE IT BRAYED LIKE A
HORSE.
IT ALL SEEMED SO UNREAL TO HER.
BUT THE RIDER SHE WAS CLINGING
TO FELT QUITE REAL AS THEY MOVED
THROUGH THE NIGHT.
THE GIRL BEGAN TO THINK ABOUT
THE PERSON EMITTING THIS WARMTH.
WHAT WERE THEY THINKING, WHAT
DID THEY KNOW?
HOW DID THEY LIVE?
WHEN THIS PERSON LOOKED AT HER,
WHAT DID THEY SEE?
>> I UNDERSTAND.
[door squeaks]
>> MISS MAZENDA.
IT’S NICE TO MEET YOU.
I’M NAKURA.
>> HOW DO I KNOW THAT FOR SURE?
>> BECAUSE I’M THE NAKURA WHO
WANTS TO DISAPPEAR WITH YOU.
>> IT IS YOU.
SO THEN, I GUESS YOU’RE THE ONE
WHO SAVED ME BACK THERE?
>> RIGHT, THAT’S ME.
>> I DON’T KNOW HOW TO THANK
YOU.
>> WERE YOU REALLY SCARED?
>> YES.
>> THAT MUST HAVE BEEN ROUGH.
>> IT WAS.
HOW DID YOU FIND OUT ABOUT THE
KIDNAPPING, THOUGH?
>> EASY. I’M THE ONE WHO HAD
THOSE THREE LOSERS KIDNAP YOU.
CLEVER, HUH?
OH, AND THAT RESCUE WAS ARRANGED
BY YOUR TRULY AS WELL.
>> YOU ARRANGED IT?
>> LET’S RECAP THE LAST FEW
MOMENTS OF YOUR LIFE, SHALL WE?
YOU WERE SCARED WHEN YOU WERE
KIDNAPPED, DESPITE THE FACT THAT
YOU WANTED TO DIE IN THE FIRST
PLACE, AND THAT MADE YOU MAD.
NOW, IF YOU FOUGHT BACK AGAINST
YOUR KIDNAPPERS, YOU’D BE
DENYING THE PART OF YOU THAT
WANTED TO DIE.
SO YOU DECIDED TO GIVE UP, AND
ACCEPTED YOUR FATE.
BUT NOW THAT YOU’RE SAFE AND
SOUND, YOU’RE THRILLED YOU
DIDN’T DIE.
I WANTED TO SEE THE LOOK ON YOUR
FACE WHEN I TOLD YOU THAT.
I WANTED TO SEE WHAT YOU LOOKED
LIKE WHEN YOU CAME FACE TO FACE
WITH SOMEONE WHO COULD SEE RIGHT
THROUGH YOUR PATHETIC
INTENTIONS.
>> WHY WOULD YOU--
>> WHY WOULD I? LET’S SEE.
IT MIGHT SOUND PHILOSOPHICAL,
BUT YOU LOOK LIKE A SMART GIRL,
SO I THINK YOU’LL BE ABLE TO
UNDERSTAND.
ANYWAY, I’LL TRY TO EXPLAIN IT
TO YOU.
SIMPLY PUT, I LOVE HUMANS.
THINK ABOUT IT--
HUMAN BEINGS ARE THE MOST
INTERESTING CREATURES YOU COULD
EVER HOPE TO FIND.
OH, AND WHEN I SAID I LOVE
HUMANS, I MEANT ALL HUMANS,
NOT YOU SPECIFICALLY.
IMPORTANT DETAIL.
>> SO THEN, YOU LIED?
>> YOU’RE GETTING THE PICTURE.
HOW WONDERFUL.
COME HERE.
MANY PEOPLE HAVE JUMPED TO THEIR
DEATHS FROM THE VERY SPOT YOU’RE
STANDING ON.
IT’S NOT REALLY FAMOUS FOR IT OR
ANYTHING, BUT IT’S HIGH ENOUGH
THAT IF YOU JUMP, THE FALL WILL
KILL YOU.
LOOK. SEE THAT STAIN DOWN THERE?
TELL ME SOMETHING.
YOU THINK YOU’RE SPECIAL?
YOU’RE NOT.
EVERYONE’S THE SAME.
EVERYONE LIES, EVERYONE HIDES
THINGS.
NO ONE MAKES IT THROUGH THIS
LIFE BEING COMPLETELY HONEST.
I BET YOU’VE GOT A COUPLE OF
JUICY SECRETS YOU WOULDN’T TELL
YOUR BEST FRIEND.
SO EXPLAIN THIS.
HOW COME IT’S OKAY FOR YOU TO
HAVE SECRETS, BUT NOT YOUR
PARENTS?
>> WELL, I--
>> YOU WANT TO KNOW WHAT MY
THOUGHTS ARE ON THIS?
I THINK IF YOU’RE HAVING AN
AFFAIR, OR IF YOUR SPOUSE KNOWS,
AT TIMES YOU STILL LAUGH AT THE
SAME DUMB JOKES.
YOU KEEP EATING THE SAME SWEET
STEW.
YOU JUST KEEP GOING.
>> [gasps]
>> YOU SEE?
WHATEVER PROBLEMS THEY HAD,
THEY’RE JUST A BIG OLD STAIN ON
THE PAVEMENT NOW.
EVERYONE’S THE SAME, NO
EXCEPTIONS.
ALL OF THEM EQUAL BEFORE GOD.
WANT ME TO LET GO?
>> [breathing uneasily]
>> YOU GET IT NOW?
WELL, I GOTTA BOUNCE.
THANKS A LOT FOR PROVING JUST
HOW UGLY AND IMMATURE YOU ARE.
IT’S BEEN REAL.
AND JUST SO YOU KNOW, I DON’T
REALLY CARE ABOUT YOUR PROBLEMS.
I JUST WANTED TO SEE HOW YOU
HANDLED YOURSELF.
YOU DIDN’T LET ME DOWN, THOUGH.
YOU’RE JUST AS BORING AS I
IMAGINED YOU TO BE.
I KNEW YOU NEVER REALLY WANTED
TO KILL YOURSELF.
THANKS AGAIN.
I HAD AN EXCELLENT TIME, MISS
MAZENDA.
>> SHE HESITATED FOR A MOMENT.
SHE THOUGHT MAYBE SHE COULD GET
BACK AT HIM BY ACTUALLY JUMPING.
BUT THEN SHE BEGAN TO WONDER IF
THIS WAS THE EXACT OPPORTUNITY
SHE HAD BEEN WAITING FOR.
MAYBE THE HORRIBLE THINGS HE
SAID WERE WHAT SHE NEEDED TO
HEAR.
BUT THEN, SOMETHING UNEXPECTED
HAPPENED.
>> WAIT.
TELL ME WHY.
>> AND AGAIN SHE GOES ABOVE AND
BEYOND.
>> THE GIRL THOUGHT ABOUT HER
MOTHER AND FATHER...
ABOUT HER FATHER’S LOVER.
AND THEN AGAIN ABOUT HER
PARENTS.
THEY ALL HAD SECRETS SHE’D NEVER
KNOW ABOUT.
AND WAS THAT SO TERRIBLE?
MAYBE THEY WEREN’T AS SELFISH OR
EVIL OR CORRUPT AS SHE’D
ORIGINALLY THOUGHT.
MAYBE THEIR BEHAVIOR WASN’T A
SIGN OF WEAKNESS, OR SOME KIND
OF COMPROMISE.
AS SHE LOOKED FOR THE WAY HOME,
SHE THOUGHT ABOUT FORGIVING
THEM, AND KEEPING IT A SECRET.
EVER SINCE THEN, THE WORLD HAS
LOOKED DIFFERENT.
EVERYONE SHE SAW HAD THEIR OWN
LIVES TO LIVE, WITH THEIR OWN
LITTLE SECRETS.
AND SHE REALIZED THAT WAS
NORMAL.
>> WHERE DO YOU WANT TO GO?
I’LL TAKE YOU WHEREVER.
JUST BUY ME FOOD.
>> OKAY.
HOW ABOUT A BOOKSTORE?
>> UH, YEAH...
THERE’S, LIKE, A TON OF
BOOKSTORES AROUND HERE.
>> EVEN THESE TWO, AS NORMAL AS
THEY SEEM, PROBABLY HAVE SECRETS
OF THEIR OWN.
>> JUST THOUGHT I’D LOOK FOR
SOME MANGA.
>> FEELINGS THEY COULD NEVER
TELL ANYONE.
>> PLEASE, WAIT!
SEIJI, ARE YOU SURE YOU DON’T
KNOW ANYTHING?
>> LEAVE ME ALONE.
>> BUT LISTEN, SHE EVEN MISSED
THE FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL.
>> I SAID I DON’T KNOW ANYTHING!
>> WAIT. HOLD ON.
>> HELLO!
HEY, YOU GOOD DOWN THERE?
>> I WONDER WHAT THAT’S ABOUT.
>> HEH HEH.
SHE TOTALLY WANTS ME.
>> HUH?
>> THAT CHICK WITH THE GLASSES
HAS A CRUSH ON ME.
BUT SHE’S AFRAID OF ALL THE
DANGER AND RISK A GUY LIKE ME
BRINGS TO THE TABLE.
OH, YEAH, I’M RAD.
>> CAN YOU SPEAK A LANGUAGE THAT
I KNOW TOO?
>> FOR THAT BOY, AND FOR THIS
GIRL, THE WORLD THEY SEE RIGHT
NOW IS NOT NECESSARILY REALITY.
AND SHE FOUND HERSELF THINKING
HOW WONDERFUL IT WOULD BE IF SHE
COULD TELL SOMEONE WHAT SHE’D
LEARNED.
THAT NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS,
THE WORLD REALLY ISN’T AS BAD AS
YOU THINK.
>> SO NOBODY TOLD ME YOU
SWITCHED PROFESSIONS AND BECAME
A DEFENDER OF THE INNOCENT.
I DIDN’T EXPECT THAT.
SEE, I THOUGHT I HIRED YOU FOR
YOUR SKILLS AS A COURIER.
NO WAY!
I’M JUST IZAYA ORIHARA, THE INFO
BROKER, NOT SOME EVIL VILLAIN.
BUT IF SOMEONE WANTS TO GO OUT
LIKE THAT, WHO AM I TO TELL THEM
THEY CAN’T, YOU KNOW?
IT WAS A LOT OF FUN,
MY TALENTED COURIER.
>> ♪ [singing in Japanese] ♪
♪ ♪
>> IKEBUKURO, HE AND SHE AND I
AND YOU, WE COME TO THIS TOWN
LOOKING, SEARCHING, TRYING TO
CHANGE SOMETHING.
NEXT TIME, RAMPANT EVIL.
WANT SUSHI?
IT GOOD.
LONG TIME, NO SEE.